Test run black on self (#3114)
psf/black: CHANGES.md

- Fixed strtobool function. It didn't parse true/on/false/off. (#3025)

### Maintenance

> - Black does not run anymore as a pre-commit hook, but via Tox

Reviewer: I'm torn here. Cause my goal was so developers/contributors know the flow change.

Maybe we make a developers section or just update developer docs mentions CI flows? Maybe the latter is better.

> - Black does not run anymore as a pre-commit hook, but via Tox

Reviewer 2: I think specifying it in the developer docs is fine. Leave the changelog for changes that users need to care about.

> - Black does not run anymore as a pre-commit hook, but via Tox

Author: What's the verdict? Return the "news skip" label and delete this?

> ### Maintenance
> 
> - Black does not run anymore as a pre-commit hook, but via Tox (#3114)
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Development

- Black's CI no longer runs black via a pre-commit hook, but via Tox (#3114)
  - This allows us to run in every environment we support too
```
Maybe this to make it clear OR we just update development docs?
